BD-3744 Generalize mobile push page (#8608)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/web/push_notifications/mobile_push.md

---

> nav_title: Mobile Web Push

Reviewer: since it's really only an iOS concern, maybe we should still prepend "iOS" here so it's clear Android or other platforms aren't really addressed here?

> nav_title: Mobile Web Push

Author: ```suggestion
nav_title: iOS Mobile Web Push
```

> article_title: Mobile Web Push

Author: ```suggestion
article_title: iOS Mobile Web Push
```

### Step 4: Add to home screen {#add-to-homescreen}

> Popular browsers (such as Safari, Chrome, FireFox, and Edge) support web push notifications in their later versions. To request push permissionon iOS or iPadOS for browsers that don't support web push notifications, your website must be added to the user's home screen by selecting **Share To** > **Add to Home Screen**. [Add to Homescreen](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/bookmark-favorite-webpages-iph42ab2f3a7/ios#iph4f9a47bbc) lets users bookmark your website, adding your icon to their valuable home screen real estate.

Reviewer: this isn't quite accurate I think, it's more like 

```suggestion
Popular browsers (such as Safari, Chrome, FireFox, and Edge) all support web push notifications in their later versions. To request push permission on iOS or iPadOS, your website must be added to the user's home screen by selecting **Share To** > **Add to Home Screen**. [Add to Homescreen](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/bookmark-favorite-webpages-iph42ab2f3a7/ios#iph4f9a47bbc) lets users bookmark your website, adding your icon to their valuable home screen real estate.
```

in other words it's not about browser support, it's about restrictions imposed by iOS on all browsers on that OS
